;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: third_party/testsuite/proposals/reference-types/table_copy.wast
;;; ARGS*: --enable-reference-types
(;; STDOUT ;;;
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:46: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:47: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:52: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:53: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:54: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:55: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:56: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:57: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:63: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:64: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:65: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:66: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:67: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:68: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:69: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:70: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:71: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:72: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:73: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:74: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:75: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:76: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:77: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:78: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:83: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:84: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:85: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:86: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:92: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:93: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:94: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:95: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:96: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:97: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:98: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:99: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:100: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:101: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:102: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:103: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:104: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:105: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:138: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:139: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:144: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:145: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:146: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:147: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:148: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:149: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:155: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:156: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:157: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:158: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:159: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:160: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:161: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:162: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:163: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:164: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:165: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:166: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:167: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:168: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:169: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:170: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:175: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:176: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:177: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:178: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:184: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:185: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:186: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:187: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:188: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:189: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:190: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:191: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:192: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:193: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:194: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:195: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:196: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:197: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:230: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:231: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:236: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:237: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:238: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:239: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:240: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:241: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:247: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:248: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:249: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:250: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:251: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:252: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:253: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:254: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:257: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:258: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:259: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:260: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:261: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:262: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:267: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:268: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:269: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:270: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:276: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:277: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:278: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:279: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:280: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:281: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:282: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:283: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:284: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:285: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:286: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:287: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:288: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:289: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:322: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:323: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:328: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:329: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:330: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:331: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:332: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:333: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:335: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:336: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:337: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:339: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:340: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:341: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:342: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:343: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:344: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:345: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:346: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:347: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:348: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:349: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:350: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:351: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:352: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:353: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:354: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:359: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:360: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:361: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:362: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:368: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:369: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:370: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:371: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:372: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:373: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:374: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:375: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:376: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:377: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:378: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:379: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:380: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:381: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:414: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:415: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:420: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:421: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:422: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:423: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:424: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:425: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:431: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:432: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:433: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:434: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:435: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:436: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:437: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:438: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:439: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:440: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:441: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:442: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:443: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:444: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:445: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:446: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:451: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:452: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:453: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:454: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:460: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:461: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:462: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:463: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:464: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:465: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:466: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:467: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:468: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:469: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:470: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:471: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:472: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:473: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:506: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:507: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:512: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:513: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:514: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:515: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:516: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:517: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:523: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:524: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:525: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:526: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:527: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:528: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:529: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:530: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:531: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:534: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:535: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:536: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:537: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:538: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:543: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:544: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:545: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:546: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:552: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:553: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:554: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:555: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:556: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:557: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:558: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:559: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:560: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:561: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:562: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:563: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:564: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:565: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:598: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:599: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:604: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:605: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:606: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:607: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:613: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:614: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:615: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:616: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:617: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:618: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:619: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:620: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:621: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:622: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:623: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:624: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:625: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:626: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:627: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:628: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:629: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:630: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:635: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:636: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:637: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:638: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:644: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:645: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:646: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:647: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:648: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:649: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:650: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:651: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:652: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:653: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:654: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:655: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:656: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:657: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:690: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:691: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:696: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:697: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:698: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:699: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:700: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:701: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:702: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:703: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:709: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:710: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:711: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:712: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:713: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:714: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:715: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:716: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:717: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:718: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:719: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:720: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:721: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:722: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:727: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:728: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:729: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:730: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:736: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:737: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:738: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:739: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:740: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:741: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:742: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:743: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:744: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:745: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:746: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:747: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:748: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:749: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:782: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:783: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:788: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:789: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:790: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:791: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:792: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:793: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:799: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:800: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:801: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:802: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:803: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:804: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:805: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:806: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:807: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:808: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:809: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:810: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:811: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:812: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:813: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:814: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:819: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:820: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:821: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:822: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:823: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:828: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:829: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:830: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:831: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:832: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:833: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:839: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:840: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:841: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:874: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:875: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:880: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:881: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:882: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:883: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:884: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:885: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:891: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:892: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:893: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:894: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:895: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:896: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:897: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:898: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:899: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:900: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:901: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:902: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:903: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:904: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:905: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:906: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:911: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:912: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:913: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:914: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:920: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:921: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:922: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:923: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:924: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:925: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:926: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:927: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:928: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:929: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:930: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:931: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:932: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:933: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:966: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:967: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:972: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:973: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:974: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:975: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:976: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:977: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:983: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:984: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:985: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:986: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:987: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:988: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:989: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:990: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:991: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:992: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:993: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:994: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:995: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:996: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:997: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:998: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1003: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1004: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1005: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1006: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1012: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1013: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1014: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1015: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1016: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1017: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1018: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1019: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1020: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1021: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1022: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1023: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1024: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1025: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1058: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1059: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1064: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1065: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1066: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1067: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1068: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1069: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1075: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1076: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1077: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1078: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1079: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1080: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1081: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1082: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1085: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1086: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1087: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1088: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1089: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1090: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1095: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1096: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1097: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1098: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1104: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1105: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1106: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1107: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1108: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1109: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1110: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1111: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1112: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1113: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1114: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1115: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1116: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1117: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1150: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1151: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1156: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1157: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1158: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1159: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1160: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1161: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1163: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1164: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1165: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1167: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1168: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1169: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1170: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1171: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1172: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1173: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1174: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1175: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1176: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1177: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1178: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1179: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1180: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1181: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1182: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1187: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1188: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1189: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1190: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1196: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1197: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1198: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1199: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1200: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1201: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1202: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1203: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1204: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1205: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1206: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1207: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1208: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1209: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1242: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1243: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1248: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1249: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1250: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1251: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1252: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1253: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1259: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1260: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1261: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1262: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1263: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1264: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1265: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1266: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1267: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1268: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1269: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1270: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1271: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1272: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1273: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1274: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1279: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1280: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1281: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1282: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1288: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1289: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1290: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1291: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1292: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1293: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1294: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1295: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1296: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1297: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1298: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1299: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1300: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1301: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1334: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1335: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1340: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1341: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1342: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1343: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1344: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1345: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1351: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1352: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1353: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1354: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1355: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1356: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1357: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1358: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1359: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1362: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1363: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1364: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1365: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1366: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1371: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1372: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1373: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1374: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1380: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1381: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1382: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1383: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1384: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1385: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1386: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1387: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1388: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1389: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1390: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1391: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1392: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1393: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1426: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1427: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1432: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1433: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1434: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1435: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1441: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1442: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1443: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1444: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1445: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1446: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1447: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1448: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1449: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1450: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1451: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1452: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1453: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1454: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1455: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1456: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1457: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1458: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1463: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1464: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1465: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1466: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1472: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1473: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1474: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1475: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1476: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1477: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1478: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1479: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1480: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1481: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1482: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1483: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1484: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1485: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1518: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1519: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1524: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1525: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1526: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1527: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1528: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1529: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1530: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1531: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1537: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1538: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1539: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1540: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1541: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1542: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1543: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1544: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1545: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1546: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1547: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1548: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1549: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1550: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1555: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1556: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1557: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1558: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1564: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1565: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1566: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1567: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1568: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1569: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1570: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1571: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1572: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1573: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1574: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1575: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1576: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1577: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1610: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1611: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1616: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1617: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1618: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1619: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1620: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1621: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1627: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1628: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1629: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1630: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1631: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1632: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1633: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1634: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1635: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1636: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1637: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1638: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1639: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1640: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1641: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1642: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1647: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1648: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1649: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1650: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1651: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1656: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1657: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1658: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1659: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1660: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1661: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1667: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1668: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1669: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1694: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1719: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1744: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1769: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1844: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1894: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1944: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1969: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:1994: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2019: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2044: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2119: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2169: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
test() =>
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2219: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2247: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2257: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2258: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2259: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2260: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2261: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2262: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2263: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2264: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2265: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2266: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2267: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2268: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2269: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2270: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2271: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2272: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2273: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2274: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2275: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2276: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2277: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2278: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2279: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2280: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2308: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2319: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2320: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2321: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2322: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2323: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2324: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2325: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2326: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2327: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2328: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2329: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2330: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2331: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2332: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2333: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2334: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2335: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2336: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2337: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2338: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2339: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2340: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2341: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2369: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2371: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2372: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2373: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2374: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2375: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2376: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2377: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2378: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2379: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2380: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2381: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2382: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2383: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2384: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2385: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2386: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2387: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2388: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2389: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2390: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2391: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2392: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2393: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2394: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2430: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2432: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2433: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2434: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2435: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2436: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2437: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2438: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2439: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2440: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2441: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2442: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2443: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2444: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2445: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2446: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2447: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2448: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2449: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2450: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2451: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2452: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2453: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2454: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2491: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2493: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2494: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2495: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2496: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2497: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2498: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2499: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2500: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2501: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2502: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2503: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2512: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2513: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2514: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2515: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2516: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2517: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2518: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2519: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2520: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2521: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2522: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2523: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2524: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2552: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2554: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2555: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2556: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2557: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2558: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2559: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2560: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2561: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2562: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2563: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2564: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2565: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2566: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2567: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2568: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2569: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2570: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2571: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2572: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2573: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2574: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2575: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2576: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2577: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2613: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2615: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2616: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2617: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2618: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2619: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2620: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2621: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2622: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2623: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2624: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2625: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2626: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2627: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2628: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2629: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2630: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2631: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2632: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2633: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2634: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2635: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2644: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2645: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2646: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2674: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2676: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2677: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2678: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2679: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2680: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2681: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2682: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2683: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2684: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2685: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2686: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2687: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2688: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2689: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2690: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2691: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2692: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2693: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2694: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2695: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2696: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2697: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2698: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2699: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2735: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2737: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2738: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2739: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2740: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2741: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2742: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2743: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2744: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2745: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2746: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2747: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2748: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2749: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2750: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2751: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2752: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2753: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2754: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2755: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2756: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2757: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2796: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2798: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2799: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2800: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2801: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2802: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2803: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2804: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2805: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2806: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2807: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2808: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2809: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2810: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2811: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2812: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2813: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2814: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2815: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2816: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2817: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2818: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2819: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2820: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2821: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2822: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2823: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2824: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2825: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2826: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2827: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2828: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2829: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2830: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2831: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2832: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2833: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2834: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2835: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2836: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2837: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2838: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2839: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2840: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2841: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2842: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2843: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2844: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2845: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2846: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2847: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2848: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2849: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2850: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2851: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2852: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2853: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2854: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2855: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2856: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2857: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2858: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2859: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2860: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2861: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2862: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2863: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2864: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2865: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2866: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2867: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2868: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2869: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2870: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2871: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2872: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2873: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2874: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2875: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2876: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2877: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2878: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2879: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2880: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2881: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2882: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2883: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2884: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2885: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2886: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2887: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2888: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2889: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2890: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2891: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2892: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2893: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2894: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2895: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2896: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2897: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2898: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2899: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2900: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2901: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2902: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2903: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2904: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2905: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2906: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2907: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2908: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2909: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2953: assert_trap passed: out of bounds table access: table.copy out of bounds
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2971: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2972: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2973: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2974: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2975: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2976: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2977: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2978: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2979: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2980: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2981: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2982: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2983: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2984: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2985: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2986: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2987: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2988: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2989: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2990: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2991: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2992: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2993: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2994: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2995: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2996: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2997: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2998: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:2999: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3000: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3001: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3002: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3003: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3004: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3005: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3006: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3007: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3008: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3009: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3010: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3011: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3012: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3013: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3014: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3015: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3016: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3017: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3018: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3019: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3020: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3021: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3022: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3023: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3024: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3025: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3026: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3027: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3028: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3029: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3030: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3031: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3032: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3033: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3034: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3035: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3036: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3037: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3038: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3039: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3040: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3041: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3042: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3043: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3044: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3045: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3046: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3047: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3048: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3049: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3050: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3051: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3052: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3053: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3054: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3055: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3056: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3057: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3058: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3059: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3060: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3061: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3062: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3063: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3064: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3065: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3066: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3067: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3068: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3069: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3070: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3071: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3072: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3073: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3074: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3075: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3076: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3077: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3078: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3079: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3080: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3081: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
out/test/spec/reference-types/table_copy.wast:3082: assert_trap passed: uninitialized table element
1675/1675 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
