;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: third_party/testsuite/proposals/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast
;;; ARGS*: --enable-bulk-memory
(;; STDOUT ;;;
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:6: assert_malformed passed:
  0000000: error: unable to read uint32_t: magic
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:7: assert_malformed passed:
  0000000: error: unable to read uint32_t: magic
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:8: assert_malformed passed:
  0000000: error: unable to read uint32_t: magic
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:9: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:10: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:11: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:12: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:13: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:14: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:15: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:16: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:17: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:18: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:21: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:24: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:25: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:28: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:31: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:34: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: bad magic value
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:37: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: unable to read uint32_t: version
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:38: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: unable to read uint32_t: version
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:39: assert_malformed passed:
  0000004: error: unable to read uint32_t: version
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:40: assert_malformed passed:
  0000008: error: bad wasm file version: 0 (expected 0x1)
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:41: assert_malformed passed:
  0000008: error: bad wasm file version: 0xd (expected 0x1)
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:42: assert_malformed passed:
  0000008: error: bad wasm file version: 0xe (expected 0x1)
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:43: assert_malformed passed:
  0000008: error: bad wasm file version: 0x100 (expected 0x1)
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:44: assert_malformed passed:
  0000008: error: bad wasm file version: 0x10000 (expected 0x1)
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:45: assert_malformed passed:
  0000008: error: bad wasm file version: 0x1000000 (expected 0x1)
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:48: assert_malformed passed:
  000000a: error: invalid section code: 13
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:49: assert_malformed passed:
  000000a: error: invalid section code: 127
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:50: assert_malformed passed:
  000000a: error: invalid section code: 128
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:51: assert_malformed passed:
  000000a: error: invalid section code: 129
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:52: assert_malformed passed:
  000000a: error: invalid section code: 255
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:56: assert_malformed passed:
  0000022: error: call_indirect reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:75: assert_malformed passed:
  0000022: error: call_indirect reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:94: assert_malformed passed:
  0000022: error: call_indirect reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:112: assert_malformed passed:
  0000022: error: call_indirect reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:130: assert_malformed passed:
  0000022: error: call_indirect reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:149: assert_malformed passed:
  0000020: error: memory.grow reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:169: assert_malformed passed:
  0000020: error: memory.grow reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:189: assert_malformed passed:
  0000020: error: memory.grow reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:208: assert_malformed passed:
  0000020: error: memory.grow reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:227: assert_malformed passed:
  0000020: error: memory.grow reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:247: assert_malformed passed:
  000001e: error: memory.size reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:266: assert_malformed passed:
  000001e: error: memory.size reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:285: assert_malformed passed:
  000001e: error: memory.size reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:303: assert_malformed passed:
  000001e: error: memory.size reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:321: assert_malformed passed:
  000001e: error: memory.size reserved value must be 0
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:340: assert_malformed passed:
  000001c: error: local count must be < 0x10000000
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:372: assert_malformed passed:
  0000013: error: function signature count != function body count
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:382: assert_malformed passed:
  000000b: error: function signature count != function body count
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:391: assert_malformed passed:
  0000016: error: function signature count != function body count
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:402: assert_malformed passed:
  0000015: error: function signature count != function body count
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:425: assert_malformed passed:
  000000e: error: data segment count does not equal count in DataCount section
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:435: assert_malformed passed:
  000000e: error: data segment count does not equal count in DataCount section
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:445: assert_malformed passed:
  0000024: error: memory.init requires data count section
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:467: assert_malformed passed:
  000001e: error: data.drop requires data count section
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:486: assert_malformed passed:
  0000024: error: expected ref.null or ref.func in passive element segment
  0000025: error: expected END opcode after element expression
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:512: assert_malformed passed:
  0000022: error: table elem type must be a reference type
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:593: assert_malformed passed:
  000000a: error: invalid section size: extends past end
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:604: assert_malformed passed:
  000000e: error: unfinished section (expected end: 0x11)
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:623: assert_malformed passed:
  000000e: error: invalid import event kind: exceptions not allowed
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:633: assert_malformed passed:
  000000e: error: invalid import event kind: exceptions not allowed
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:644: assert_malformed passed:
  000000e: error: malformed import kind: 5
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:654: assert_malformed passed:
  000000e: error: malformed import kind: 5
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:665: assert_malformed passed:
  000000e: error: malformed import kind: 128
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:675: assert_malformed passed:
  000000e: error: malformed import kind: 128
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:688: assert_malformed passed:
  0000027: error: unable to read u32 leb128: string length
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:707: assert_malformed passed:
  000002b: error: unfinished section (expected end: 0x40)
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:738: assert_malformed passed:
  000000b: error: invalid table count 1, only 0 bytes left in section
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:748: assert_malformed passed:
  000000c: error: malformed memory limits flag: 112
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:757: assert_malformed passed:
  000000c: error: malformed memory limits flag: 112
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:767: assert_malformed passed:
  000000c: error: malformed memory limits flag: 112
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:785: assert_malformed passed:
  000000b: error: invalid memory count 1, only 0 bytes left in section
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:795: assert_malformed passed:
  000000c: error: memory may not be shared: threads not allowed
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:803: assert_malformed passed:
  000000c: error: memory may not be shared: threads not allowed
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:812: assert_malformed passed:
  000000c: error: malformed memory limits flag: 129
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:821: assert_malformed passed:
  000000c: error: malformed memory limits flag: 129
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:838: assert_malformed passed:
  0000010: error: unable to read i32 leb128: global type
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:849: assert_malformed passed:
  0000010: error: unfinished section (expected end: 0x15)
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:872: assert_malformed passed:
  000001b: error: unable to read u32 leb128: string length
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:893: assert_malformed passed:
  000001b: error: unfinished section (expected end: 0x20)
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:927: assert_malformed passed:
  0000021: error: unable to read u32 leb128: elem segment flags
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:945: assert_malformed passed:
  0000021: error: unfinished section (expected end: 0x27)
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:971: assert_malformed passed:
  0000016: error: unable to read u32 leb128: data segment flags
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:984: assert_malformed passed:
  0000016: error: unfinished section (expected end: 0x1c)
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:997: assert_malformed passed:
  0000015: error: unable to read data: data segment data
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:1011: assert_malformed passed:
  000001a: error: unfinished section (expected end: 0x1b)
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:1042: assert_malformed passed:
  error: function type variable out of range: 11 (max 1)
  0000025: error: OnBlockExpr callback failed
out/test/spec/bulk-memory-operations/binary.wast:1077: assert_malformed passed:
  0000017: error: multiple Start sections
90/90 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
